Oh
the
jeantet all nathalie samson belair her
lensois supporters
he was a man of honor a man of
their country with which they held to
share a last moment the match lens
this nantes between two teams that have
changed coach like strasbourg and
pgi during the season francis gillot and
looking for 10 and took orders
during the season of the team
nantes lens followed for us by david
shepherd and to chain a third
victory in a row francis gillot bet
on the new Brazilian championship
de France kg or sawn 21 years gilles and to
lens for several weeks but its
qualification took a lot of time this
which also takes time tonight
it's the real start of this match is
what it is due to the cold or the wind
glacial
always is it except for this
Nantes offensive moments earth
black and gets screwed to pipe
quarter of an hour is relatively boring
we said lens and nantes are on a
good dynamic evidence both
teams fear each other
a little too much at the beginning of the match
so to warm up maybe a
snap a free kick that of
daniel cousin super strike hits
Sumptuous Daniel cousin for his
sixth goal of the season him who
begins to be a little bit the target
fan reviews and well
sacred answer
he had not scored in the league
for two months landreau completely
deceived by the trajectory of the ball 1-0
for lens after 24 minutes that I'm laughing
shots from far away it's not really the
specialty lensoise is that of
cousins ​​when playing in league 2 with
Le Mans
but from the lens side before him alone
gillet had scored at this distance
this season and it gives ideas
especially to kita who in turn is going
try his luck from afar do not look at the
hit in two time landreau who
interpose between that after the purpose of
cousin the judgment pcr totally deprive
frozen is therefore very clear dominance
lensoise in this first period to 0
at half time
serge the dizet then decides to do
enter juillan claira spouse in attack
but the scenario does not change the
conditions are getting harder and harder
the snow falls on bollaert the lensois
fits perfectly with one more shot
by far this time it's new keita
intervention by landreau landreau
serendip disabled this week by
a left thigh injury but he
is still there to oppose the
nantais who recedes more and more serge
the dizet however confided that his
team improve over matches
the goal is to take ten points
on the five championship jallet at
come
Well, it looks bad again thomert
this time he still had at the entrance
from the surface tries his luck
it goes little by year
close to the year of game match conditions
difficult for the people of Nantes
when she tries to wake up on this
corner shot by yapi the head of
bougherra fleet bukera young
player who even has a license
amateur but who could integrate the group
pro this week
a free kick now for the
nantais it's a good time for them
reaction nantais with tia kia for the
beautiful strikes the precise east but it's
pushed back by the crossbar
maybe leaving never touched but
it's really the bar that saves
lensois of equalization always this
score 1-0 again a corner and
lensois who manages who operates now
against ball attack for career eric
look in the middle of the pink baby screen
that will completely stop can not
try to prevent this offensive he
is slammed career that can play with
malouda lesly malouda and career at the
conclusion close to the post 2 to 0 this is it
the match is bent and career that
no longer scored in the league
since september in strasbourg
five months ago here it is all
first goal to bollaert under the shirt
lensois
nantes bows in front of logically what
2-0 evening and entrance will be threatened by
the area of ​​the relegable stunt for
lille in the lead while launches for the
first time at home so three
victories in a row in the league
not that they start to revise his
ambitions on the rise and eric career
lives again after several months very very
difficult
personally it was very hard I
lived a period France most
difficult of my career
so it's true that bring out a little
few have some positively done
in his life it feels good even if in
football life with parallel games
we get on well but I think that
south west side is going to be people
who will be happy third
victory he told you david shepherd of
consecutive lens
there are ten